---
layout: component
title:  "Logotype"
---

_Question to World Pulse team: Should the primary logo setting be on the standard
<span class="crimson">crimson</span> background, or the darker crimson background
(see below)_

The World Pulse wordmark is properly set in white, with an outer-glow, over a
<em class="crimson">crimson</em> background. Alternative displays displays
include a logo in <em class="crimson">crimson</em>, or a logo in either color
without a glow. Thus, logos are provided in four variants:

- <span class="crimson">Crimson</span> on transparent _with_ outer glow: <br />
  `logo-crimson-glow.png` and `logo-crimson-glow-2x.png`
- <span class="crimson">Crimson</span> on transparent _without_ outer glow: <br />
  `logo-crimson-solid.png`, `logo-crimson-solid-2x.png`, and `logo-crimson-solid.svg`
- White on transparent _with_ outer glow: <br />
  `logo-white-glow.png` and `logo-white-glow-2x.png`
- White on transparent _without_ outer glow: <br />
  `logo-white-solid.png`, `logo-white-solid-2x.png`, and `logo-white-solid.svg`

To apply a logo, utilize one of the `logo-*` classes below for an outer wrapper.
Apply the `logo` class to a contained, semantically appropriate element. (A
nested container is required for the intrinsic ratio property to be handled
properly.) Text in the nested element will be hidden. No additional markup
should be contained within the wrapper.

{% capture l1 %}
<div class="logo-white-glow">
  <h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1>
</div>
{% endcapture %}

{% capture l2 %}
<div class="logo-white-solid">
  <h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1>
</div>
{% endcapture %}

{% capture l3 %}
<div class="logo-crimson-glow"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
<div class="logo-crimson-solid"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
{% endcapture %}

{% capture l4 %}
<div class="logo-white-solid dark-crimson"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
<br />
<div class="logo-white-solid crimson-gradient"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
<br />
<div class="logo-white-glow dark-crimson"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
<br />
<div class="logo-white-glow crimson-gradient"><h1 class="logo">World Pulse</h1></div>
{% endcapture %}

### Primary logo display:
{% include sample.html sample=l1 %}

A media query is added to check for device pixel density to
override the background-image and use the `2x` (aka &ldquo;retina&rdquo;)
size when appropriate.

### White on crimson logo without a glow:
{% include sample.html sample=l2 %}

If the `svg` class on the `html` element (placed by [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/))
is present, the client browser will use the vector image instead, automatically.
Additionally, this clears the `max-width` applied, as the vector graphic can be
scaled to any size.

The `svg` override also takes precedence over the `2x` retina image, as `svg`
is best when compatible.

### White logos with and without glow:
{% include sample.html sample=l3 %}

### White logos with alternate backgrounds
{% include sample.html sample=l4 %}
